README.md, before:

Flixtor
=======

Flixtor streams movies, series, videos and animes from Torrents.
Based with the peerflix module and mixed with services from TorrentLookup. All of this packaged with node-webkit in order to deliver the ultimate windows, mac and linux app.

## Screenshot
![Alt text](http://www.flixtor.com/img/app-flixtor.jpg  "Flixtor - Movie section")

## Latest build
Flixtor Beta 1.3

## Websites
[Flixtor](http://www.flixtor.com)
[Torrent Lookup](http://www.torrentlookup.com)

## Install
git clone https://github.com/TorrentLookup/Flixtor.git

### Node / NPM
Install nodejs on your computer http://nodejs.org/

### Dependencies
Run 'npm install' in command prompt on the folder you clone the project. This will create a node_modules folder containing all the dependencies you need to have if you want to run the application.

### Node-webkit
Download the latest version of Node-Webkit https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit
Extract & copy files inside your project folder. Click the nw.exe and Flixtor should start working.

## Donate
[Flixtor donate](http://www.flixtor.com/donate/)
[Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow&SESSION=Xd6Ovl5GfuD0uOdk1f5xdqx7sSYltH7xqX0klyXYxHjG9kMu1yvDfy62mJe&dispatch=5885d80a13c0db1f8e263663d3faee8d8cdcf517b037b4502f6cc98f1ee6e5fb)
Bitcon: soon...

## Comments
Flixtor is a new application and is not a segment of Popcorn Time.

Commit message:

Forgot to explain in the readme file that we need to replace ffmpegsumo.

README.md, after:

Flixtor
=======

Flixtor streams movies, series, videos and animes from Torrents.  
Based with the peerflix module and mixed with services from TorrentLookup. All of this packaged with node-webkit in order to deliver the ultimate windows, mac and linux app.

## Screenshot
![Alt text](http://www.flixtor.com/img/app-flixtor.jpg  "Flixtor - Movie section")

## Latest build
Flixtor Beta 1.3

## Websites
[Flixtor](http://www.flixtor.com)  
[Torrent Lookup](http://www.torrentlookup.com)  

## Install
git clone https://github.com/TorrentLookup/Flixtor.git

### Node / NPM
Install nodejs on your computer http://nodejs.org/

### Dependencies
Run 'npm install' in command prompt on the folder you clone the project. This will create a node_modules folder containing all the dependencies you need to have if you want to run the application.

### Node-webkit
Download the latest version of Node-Webkit https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit  
Extract & copy files inside your project folder.  
Replace 'ffmpegsumo' of node-webkit by one inside the librairies folder of the project.  
Click the nw.exe and Flixtor should start working.  

## Donate
[Flixtor donate](http://www.flixtor.com/donate/)  
[Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/ca/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow&SESSION=Xd6Ovl5GfuD0uOdk1f5xdqx7sSYltH7xqX0klyXYxHjG9kMu1yvDfy62mJe&dispatch=5885d80a13c0db1f8e263663d3faee8d8cdcf517b037b4502f6cc98f1ee6e5fb)  
Bitcon: soon...

## Comments
Flixtor is a new application and is not a segment of Popcorn Time.
